fix(DATAGO-111615): change orchestrator to use persistence by default (#314)
SolaceLabs/solace-agent-mesh: docs/docs/documentation/getting-started/configurations.md

| Parameter | Options | Description | Default |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |

> | `type` | `memory`, `sql`, `vertex_rag` | Configuration for ADK Session Service | `memory` |

Author: I'm not too sure what to write as the default here. The `shared_config.yaml` still has memory as default, but we make sql the default for both webui and orchestrator

| Parameter | Options | Description | Default |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `type` | `memory`, `sql`, `vertex_rag` | Configuration for ADK Session Service | `memory` |
| `default_behavior` | `PERSISTENT`, `RUN_BASED` | The default behavior of keeping the session history | `PERSISTENT` |

:::tip

> Although the default session service type is `memory`, both Orchestrator and Webui use `sql` as their session service to allow for persistent sessions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although the default session service type is `memory`, both the Orchestrator Agent and Web UI gateway use `sql` as their session service to allow for persistent sessions.
```
